com/maruf/tech/quranallsura/utility/PermissionUtilities.java
 com.maruf.tech.quranallsura.utility.PermissionUtilities
com/maruf/tech/quranallsura/data/sqlite/NotificationDbController.java
 com.maruf.tech.quranallsura.data.sqlite.NotificationDbController
com/maruf/tech/quranallsura/data/constant/AppConstant.java
 com.maruf.tech.quranallsura.data.constant.AppConstant
com/maruf/tech/quranallsura/data/preference/AppPreference.java
 com.maruf.tech.quranallsura.data.preference.AppPreference
com/maruf/tech/quranallsura/data/sqlite/DbConstants.java
 com.maruf.tech.quranallsura.data.sqlite.DbConstants
com/maruf/tech/quranallsura/BuildConfig.java
 com.maruf.tech.quranallsura.BuildConfig
com/maruf/tech/quranallsura/webengine/WebEngine.java
 com.maruf.tech.quranallsura.webengine.WebEngine
 com.maruf.tech.quranallsura.webengine.WebEngine$1
 com.maruf.tech.quranallsura.webengine.WebEngine$2
 com.maruf.tech.quranallsura.webengine.WebEngine$3
com/maruf/tech/quranallsura/activity/DetailsActivity.java
 com.maruf.tech.quranallsura.activity.DetailsActivity
 com.maruf.tech.quranallsura.activity.DetailsActivity$1
 com.maruf.tech.quranallsura.activity.DetailsActivity$2
 com.maruf.tech.quranallsura.activity.DetailsActivity$3
com/maruf/tech/quranallsura/models/favorite/FavoriteModel.java
 com.maruf.tech.quranallsura.models.favorite.FavoriteModel
com/maruf/tech/quranallsura/utility/DialogUtilities.java
 com.maruf.tech.quranallsura.utility.DialogUtilities
 com.maruf.tech.quranallsura.utility.DialogUtilities$1
 com.maruf.tech.quranallsura.utility.DialogUtilities$2
 com.maruf.tech.quranallsura.utility.DialogUtilities$OnCompleteListener
com/maruf/tech/quranallsura/utility/AppUtilities.java
 com.maruf.tech.quranallsura.utility.AppUtilities
 com.maruf.tech.quranallsura.utility.AppUtilities$1
com/maruf/tech/quranallsura/activity/SplashActivity.java
 com.maruf.tech.quranallsura.activity.SplashActivity
 com.maruf.tech.quranallsura.activity.SplashActivity$1
 com.maruf.tech.quranallsura.activity.SplashActivity$1$1
com/maruf/tech/quranallsura/utility/TtsEngine.java
 com.maruf.tech.quranallsura.utility.TtsEngine
 com.maruf.tech.quranallsura.utility.TtsEngine$1
 com.maruf.tech.quranallsura.utility.TtsEngine$PlayStatusListener
com/maruf/tech/quranallsura/activity/CustomUrlActivity.java
 com.maruf.tech.quranallsura.activity.CustomUrlActivity
 com.maruf.tech.quranallsura.activity.CustomUrlActivity$1
com/maruf/tech/quranallsura/view/PhenomenaTextView.java
 com.maruf.tech.quranallsura.view.PhenomenaTextView
com/maruf/tech/quranallsura/listeners/ListItemClickListener.java
 com.maruf.tech.quranallsura.listeners.ListItemClickListener
com/maruf/tech/quranallsura/activity/NotificationListActivity.java
 com.maruf.tech.quranallsura.activity.NotificationListActivity
 com.maruf.tech.quranallsura.activity.NotificationListActivity$1
com/maruf/tech/quranallsura/adapters/FavoriteAdapter.java
 com.maruf.tech.quranallsura.adapters.FavoriteAdapter
 com.maruf.tech.quranallsura.adapters.FavoriteAdapter$ViewHolder
com/maruf/tech/quranallsura/activity/SearchActivity.java
 com.maruf.tech.quranallsura.activity.SearchActivity
 com.maruf.tech.quranallsura.activity.SearchActivity$1
 com.maruf.tech.quranallsura.activity.SearchActivity$2
 com.maruf.tech.quranallsura.activity.SearchActivity$3
com/maruf/tech/quranallsura/activity/FavoriteListActivity.java
 com.maruf.tech.quranallsura.activity.FavoriteListActivity
 com.maruf.tech.quranallsura.activity.FavoriteListActivity$1
com/maruf/tech/quranallsura/data/preference/PrefKey.java
 com.maruf.tech.quranallsura.data.preference.PrefKey
com/maruf/tech/quranallsura/utility/AnalyticsUtilities.java
 com.maruf.tech.quranallsura.utility.AnalyticsUtilities
com/maruf/tech/quranallsura/utility/ActivityUtilities.java
 com.maruf.tech.quranallsura.utility.ActivityUtilities
com/maruf/tech/quranallsura/activity/BaseActivity.java
 com.maruf.tech.quranallsura.activity.BaseActivity
 com.maruf.tech.quranallsura.activity.BaseActivity$1
com/maruf/tech/quranallsura/listeners/WebListener.java
 com.maruf.tech.quranallsura.listeners.WebListener
com/maruf/tech/quranallsura/adapters/ContentAdapter.java
 com.maruf.tech.quranallsura.adapters.ContentAdapter
 com.maruf.tech.quranallsura.adapters.ContentAdapter$ViewHolder
com/maruf/tech/quranallsura/app/MyApplication.java
 com.maruf.tech.quranallsura.app.MyApplication
com/maruf/tech/quranallsura/adapters/NotificationAdapter.java
 com.maruf.tech.quranallsura.adapters.NotificationAdapter
 com.maruf.tech.quranallsura.adapters.NotificationAdapter$ViewHolder
com/maruf/tech/quranallsura/utility/AdsUtilities.java
 com.maruf.tech.quranallsura.utility.AdsUtilities
 com.maruf.tech.quranallsura.utility.AdsUtilities$1
com/maruf/tech/quranallsura/models/notification/NotificationModel.java
 com.maruf.tech.quranallsura.models.notification.NotificationModel
com/maruf/tech/quranallsura/utility/DateUtilities.java
 com.maruf.tech.quranallsura.utility.DateUtilities
 com.maruf.tech.quranallsura.utility.DateUtilities$DateTimeFormat
com/maruf/tech/quranallsura/activity/SettingsActivity.java
 com.maruf.tech.quranallsura.activity.SettingsActivity
 com.maruf.tech.quranallsura.activity.SettingsActivity$MyPreferenceFragment
com/maruf/tech/quranallsura/utility/FilePickerUtilities.java
 com.maruf.tech.quranallsura.utility.FilePickerUtilities
com/maruf/tech/quranallsura/webengine/VideoViewer.java
 com.maruf.tech.quranallsura.webengine.VideoViewer
com/maruf/tech/quranallsura/activity/NotificationDetailsActivity.java
 com.maruf.tech.quranallsura.activity.NotificationDetailsActivity
 com.maruf.tech.quranallsura.activity.NotificationDetailsActivity$1
com/maruf/tech/quranallsura/data/sqlite/FavoriteDbController.java
 com.maruf.tech.quranallsura.data.sqlite.FavoriteDbController
com/maruf/tech/quranallsura/data/sqlite/DbHelper.java
 com.maruf.tech.quranallsura.data.sqlite.DbHelper
com/maruf/tech/quranallsura/models/content/Contents.java
 com.maruf.tech.quranallsura.models.content.Contents
 com.maruf.tech.quranallsura.models.content.Contents$1
com/maruf/tech/quranallsura/notification/MyFirebaseMessagingService.java
 com.maruf.tech.quranallsura.notification.MyFirebaseMessagingService
com/maruf/tech/quranallsura/utility/RateItDialogFragment.java
 com.maruf.tech.quranallsura.utility.RateItDialogFragment
 com.maruf.tech.quranallsura.utility.RateItDialogFragment$1
 com.maruf.tech.quranallsura.utility.RateItDialogFragment$2
 com.maruf.tech.quranallsura.utility.RateItDialogFragment$3
com/maruf/tech/quranallsura/activity/AboutDevActivity.java
 com.maruf.tech.quranallsura.activity.AboutDevActivity
com/maruf/tech/quranallsura/activity/MainActivity.java
 com.maruf.tech.quranallsura.activity.MainActivity
 com.maruf.tech.quranallsura.activity.MainActivity$1
 com.maruf.tech.quranallsura.activity.MainActivity$2
 com.maruf.tech.quranallsura.activity.MainActivity$3
 com.maruf.tech.quranallsura.activity.MainActivity$4
